Req:
1.
Significant expertise with distributed systems, ideally in a cloud environment         
Strong experience with Kubernetes and container technologies         
Strong experience with Docker and Ansible, exposure to automation tooling (chef/puppet/salt/etc)         
Very strong understanding of cloud technologies – has deployed more than one solution on the cloud  Significant experience with cloud technologies and DevOps approaches to modern software delivery   Experienced with modern cloud-based software tools and approaches (Git, CI/CD, automated testing) 
Good understanding of networking
Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Experience in Agile environments – both scrum and kanban.
Able to contribute beyond just coding (code reviews, demos, proof of concept solutions)        Detail-oriented personality who does not lose sight of the big picture        
Must have experience shipping software in a successful customer-facing Cloud Business        Entrepreneurship — startup experience highly desired
 
2. 
Primary Skills: Should have 6+ yrs Exp on DevOps CI, CD Process. 
having a enough knowledge Release management  
Secondary Skills: Design and implement DevOps platform which covers areas such as build automation, deployment automation, test automation, SDLC orchestration, environment.  

Responsibilities:
Design and implement DevOps platform which covers areas such as build automation, deployment automation, test automation, SDLC orchestration, environment management, monitoring, and production release procedures.  
Experience in DevOps CI, CD Process  
Good experience in configuration management
Strong experience in integration of Build, Deploy & Test tools
Should be familiar with ITIL process. 

3.
Strong background in Linux/Unix Administration
Experience with automation/configuration management using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent  ·      Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services (experience with AWS is required).
Strong experience with SQL and NoSQL          
A working understanding of code and script (PHP, Python, Perl and/or Ruby)          
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service  
Roles and Responsibilities:     
Design, build and maintain the CI/CD infrastructure and tools to deliver Horizon Cloud Service     Design and Develop the test automation to validate the builds in the CI/CD pipeline          
Work closely with development teams to ensure that solutions are designed with customer user experience, scale/performance and operability in mind
 
 
4. 
General:  
Ability to code and script Experience with systems and IT operations Comfort with frequent, incremental code testing and deployment Strong grasp of automation tools Data management skills 
A strong focus on business outcomes Comfort with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders Technology Skills 
(Must have):  
Python (Need hands on automation skills) Configuration management (preferable: puppet) Docker Kubernetes Unix(*NIX) Maven Database management (Preferable: MongoDB) Bamboo, JIRA, Bit-bucket 
Strong Knowledge in:  
How Micro-services work Implementation of Incremental build and deployment pipeline with Docker + some Automated QA framework (preferable: Web-driver, Cucumber and API testing) Agile Practices Log Management (ELK, splunk) Dashboard and Monitor (should be able to design and implement custom dashboards to answer Business needs)

5.
Devops Engineer with Openshift experience with RHEL experience

Extensive knowledge of ACS, Kubernetes and Docker

Experience developing automated deployments using Ansible and Ansible Tower

Experience scaling container based applications using Kubernetes/ACS

6. 

Cloud Automation DevOps - Experienced DevOps Engineer to help with build and infrastructure automation in the cloud.
Strong background in one or more tools used for Infrastructure As Code (Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet). Terraform and Ansible preferred. Additionally, experience in a CI/CD pipeline is helpful (We use Git, BitBucket, Jenkins, Gradle, Maven). Experience in controlled and secure deployment pipelines is preferred

7. 


Build DevOps Delivery pipeline including Infrastructure and Environment Provisioning, Deployment and Monitoring tools that will support, enhance and grow a true DevOps model for the company
Create automation scripts, UIs, and continuous delivery pipeline that enhance and expand our CI/CD services
Design, build, and maintain an automated DevOps delivery/deployment model to enable continuous release of software into cloud environments
Experience in a DevOps environment using tools such as GIT, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, Maven, Ant etc.
Expertise with Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins or other similar tools
Experience with container orchestration platforms such as CloudFoundry, Kubernetes, or Docker
Experience with monitoring technologies such as TSDBs, StatsD, Grafana, Datadog
Experience in other scripting or programming languages, such as Shell, Groovy, Ruby, Java, Python
Experience working in an agile development environment (scrum or Kanban)
Proficiency in documentation tech (i.e. MS Word, MS Visio, Confluence, Markdown)
Expertise with static analysis/software quality tools such as SONAR Qube
Able to work in a team environment by demonstrating excellent written, verbal communication, and collaboration skills
Experience in Sterling Order Management is plus with knowledge of WebSphere Commerce and Application Server.

8.
      Experienced with AWS deployment, management and incident diagnosis.

·         Highly experienced in AWS(EC2,ECS,S3,ALB,IAM,RDS,Lambda, Security groups,R53,ACM,Cache,Autoscalling).

·         Experienced in Docker container ecosystem (standalone docker, docker registry, Dockerize Applications)

·         Familiar with Jenkins, Akamai, RabbitMQ , AppDynamics and languages.

9.

Required Skills:
 
• Help transform traditional IT to modern DevOps processes.
• Use cutting edge technology to create innovative solutions.
• Implement automation for deployments, IasC, CI/CD, security, and cloud operations.
• Travel and work onsite at client locations (typically 50%).
 
WHAT YOU’VE DONE
• Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technical Science, or equivalent experience.
• 3-7 years of experience with coding or scripting languages – with at least two of the following (Ruby/JRuby, Perl, Python, PowerShell, Java, Go, C#, JavaScript, Bash).
• Experience in executing Agile, Lean, and Continuous Delivery best practices.
• Strong technical foundation in a number of the following tools and technologies:
o Windows and/or Linux (Ubuntu/Debian and/or RedHat/Centos/Fedora)
• Desktop Virtualization, Development tools (VMware, Hyper-V or VirtualBox)
• Cloud computing 5+ years: (AWS, Google – GCP/GAE/GCE, Rackspace Cloud, Azure)
• Infrastructure automation 3+ years (Chef, Puppet, Salt, Ansible, Cloud Formation, Terraform, Vagrant, Packer, ARM, Heat)
• Build tools (Maven, Gradle, Ant, NAnt, MSBuild, Rake, GNU Make)
• Continuous integration tools (TeamCity, Jenkins, Cruise Control, Bamboo, AWS CodePipelines, TravisCI).
• Git SCM tools
• Application servers, servlet containers, and web servers (WebSphere, Tomcat, Jetty, Nginx, Mongrel, Microsoft IIS, Apache HTTP server)
• Logging - (Splunk, SumoLogic, Graylog, Kibana, Logstash, AWS CloudWatch Logs)
• Monitoring – (AWS CloudWatch, Nagios, New Relic, Alert Logic, App Dynamics, Boundary)













